welcome back to recap cinema today i am
going to show you a sci-fi comedy film
titled hot tub time machine
sit back and enjoy
spoilers ahead watch out
it starts off with being introduced to
one of the four main characters nick
while working at his vet job that he has
no passion for is noticed by a customer
who recognized him from his old music
career that was short-lived with little
success reminding him that he isn't
where he wants to be
that same night we move on to the second
main character adam as he returns back
to his house from work
he finds his recently divorced ex-wife
has taken half or should i say most of
the belongings in their house and move
down with the space in the house adam
starts to unpack some of his stuff from
the basement which is when we meet jacob
adam's nephew that is living there while
his mom's new boyfriend is staying over
at his house
adam starts to lecture him about getting
off the video game and living life later
on adam gets a phone call from nick
urging him to meet him at the hospital
the doctor informs them lou was poisoned
from carbon monoxide poisoning
they walk in to lose room and andy
denies it was a suicide attempt and to
cheer him up they greet him with a
surprise
they arranged for them three to have a
trip down to kodiak valley ski resort
where they party during their youth they
also invite jacob to get him out of the
house the next day they take off
traveling to the kodiak valley ski
resort on the drive there adam
reminiscences on his time with his
ex-wife and his friends convince him she
will come back
they also reminiscent on their times
when they were younger partying in
kodiak valley but soon realize it's not
like it was back in the 80s it is run
down and is no longer the party town
they used to remember
arriving at their slightly beat-up lodge
that they stayed at when they were young
they were surprised to see it was
deserted and full of older people
they weren't sure it was going to be the
party weekend they hoped for
moving on the bell boy while missing an
arm guides them to their room while
checking out their lodge room jacob
finds a hot tub and upon opening the lid
they find out the hot tub is filled with
dead animals and abandoned
they call the main reception for someone
to fix it sun falls and the group has
lost all hope for their men's trip as
they sit spiritlessly around the table
reminiscing over some of the best
weekends of their life was spent at this
lodge
this is until the outside doors blow
wide open and the once desolate hot tub
has been repaired and illuminates a
golden light
they immediately hop in as it's the
first exciting thing to happen all night
the party in the hot tub starts to kick
off and while drinking and mixing the
booze lua's illegal russian energy drink
dub chernobyl is spilled over the hot
tub circuit and it malfunctions
immediately nothing is wrong and they
continue to drink and party until the
morning
the group decide to go skiing
immediately after waking up
feeling fresh despite drinking the night
before they are able to ski like they
did when they were younger
nick even remarks he feels 18 years old
again however they start to notice the
atmosphere changed from the day before
everything seemed like how they
remembered back in the 80s
everyone was wearing retro clothes using
old cassette tapes and nobody was using
phones
until they noticed there was a
winterfest 86 poster from when they last
visited and realized they have traveled
back in time to relive their last trip
freaked out they rushed back to their
lodge hotel and run into the bellboy
they were reassured they traveled back
in time as he had both his arms again
lou soon realizes while taking a leak
that the mirror shows what they look
like to everyone else their 18 year old
the group busy consoling on what has
just happened a mystery hot tub
repairman appears through the door
giving cryptic messages and answers but
says if anything has changed in the past
the system would go haywire essentially
meaning the group needs to relive every
experience the same way it happened
originally despite this being their
opportunity to fix their future lives
as they start to remember what events
happened so they could relive them
jenny walks into the room and jumps on
adam kissing him adam caught off guard
he forgot that at the time jenny was his
girlfriend that he broke up with later
night she tells him to meet her in her
room later
after adam vocally regrets breaking up
with jenny they all agree to relive
their night out and meet up at the end
in hopes of the hot tub time machine
working again as the group walks down
into the lobby they bump into kelly
kelly is jacob's future mom and he was
conceived nine months after this current
timeline
meaning the missing dad he's never known
hooked up with kelly tonight during the
trip
kelly says she is going out to party
tonight at the ski patrol's lodge they
break up and luo and jacob stick
together and head outside they see the
bell boy performing tricks with a
chainsaw
luo desperately wanting to see the
accident where the bell boy loses his
arm throws an early celebration
however it misses luckily meanwhile adam
meets jenny in her room and attempts to
break up with her like he did in the
past
but struggles as he really doesn't want
to considering his failed relationships
in the future
he backs out of it and instead asks her
to go to the concert outside together
later nick meets with his band that he
performed with it the night to prepare
for their song later that night and
remembers that he hooked up with one of
the girls at the bar
despite currently having a wife in the
future he rationalizes it as not
cheating since at the current moment
he's not married luo and jacob continue
to walk as they bump into one of the ski
patrol heads
luo got into a fight with him in the
past and was punched to the ground so he
stood still and waited for the
inevitable that wasn't all
in the past luo got up and challenged
him to meet him here at midnight with
all his friends and the ski patrol would
bring all his friends however louis
friends never showed up and he got
beaten up it was one of lewis's saddest
moments in his life nikki's getting busy
with the girl he met at the bar in her
bath as to not miss anything and change
anything in the future
ironically this experience will keep him
and his wife together in the future as
jacob is consoling lua on getting beaten
by the ski patrol guys a girl stops by
to help luo after seeing his bloodied up
face
she tells them to follow her to her room
adam and jenny join the concert but adam
steps to the side as he doesn't want to
get any closer to jenny because he needs
to break up with her
a new girl by the name of april
introduces herself as a journalist to
review the band playing at the concert
poison
adam starts to catch a bit of feelings
for her so he backs off telling her that
this never happened so it can't happen
now the girl that helped lua and jacob
seem to have ulterior motives
she passionately whispers to them that
she only does threesomes
she kisses luo
enticed he wants to go along with it but
jacob backs out as it's too weird
causing the threesome to fall through as
jacob storms out he finds his uncle adam
sitting next to the concert he is trying
to talk himself out of breaking up with
jenny claiming she can fix his life and
be the key
jacob shortly snaps him out of this and
they meet up with the rest of the group
at their lodge room at the lodge they
discuss the threesome that luo tried to
trap jacob in with and that adam is
delaying breaking up with jenny luo
expresses that if they're going to
change the past they need to show up at
midnight to have his back at the fight
as nick and lua walk through the lobby
they see the bell boy's arm get trapped
in the elevator doors
nick asks luo should we help
luo convinces him that it's his destiny
and they're not ones to change the past
the bellboys manages to escape as lou
and nick react in awe over at the ski
patrol lodge when they beat luo to the
ground they also stole his backpack and
as they're searching through his
possessions
they find all his futuristic items like
the modern ski tech phones earpieces etc
inside they also find his illegal
russian energy drink that was used to
spill over the hot tub circuit to travel
back in time adam is making light talk
with jenny to delay the breakup but as
he is doing so jenny slips him a note
breaking up with him
taken back by shock they fight a little
before jenny stabs adam in the face with
a plastic fork jacob finds adam in the
lodge room wasted and heartbroken over
the fact after all this time jenny
wanted to break up with him anyway the
mystery time travel guy appears in the
room to let jacob know that the hot tub
time machine closes at dawn and then
mysteriously disappears jacob heads off
to find lua and nick and warns adam to
stay in the room because he is wasted a
few moments later april finds adam lying
down on the snow looking at the stars
and decides to join him adam in his
dismal state explains that everything is
predetermined in the future and the
decisions you make are worthless which
april responds to by inviting him to
make a stupid decision hang out with her
for two hours before she catches a bus
out of town they walk to april's house
and have a conversation about life while
sipping on a glass of wine they end up
making out on the countertop meanwhile
nick and lua are chatting in the kodiaq
bar
as luo is trying to play the future by
reinventing products in the future or
buying.com domains to make money nick
confesses to him that he found out his
wife cheated on him and he can't leave
because otherwise he will have nothing
his music career is over and he barely
sees his friends anymore
luo convinces him to get on stage with
his band and perform to get the old nick
back jacob returns to the lodge room to
find adam but is surprised to see the
mystery time travel guy sitting besides
the glowing hot tub he says everything
is good to go but they need the
chernobyl drink as it had an ingredient
in it that messed the circuits up to
time travel nick is performing at the
band and he decides to take a tip from
lua he performs let's get it started by
the black-eyed peas before they produced
it and the crowd goes wild
adam and april end up in the crowd to
watch nick perform as well as jacob
lua is at the bar flirting with kelly
saying he has a fight to be it but they
should meet up after
as the rest of the group are getting
carried away with the performance lulu
is meeting with the ski patrol guys for
the fight they brought their friends and
louis friends did not show up
he proceeds to get beaten up like in the
past sadly after the performance nick
adam and jacob meet up backstage
jacob explains they need the chernobyl
drink to travel back to the future
jacob asked the rest of them where's luo
they realized they forgot to show up in
back luo for the fight again they show
up to the location to find a bloodied
sock and shoe after searching more they
find lua on top of a rooftop drinking
his worries away they have a deep
conversation about friendship and
sticking up for each other afterwards
luo mentions that the ski patrol guys
have the chernobyl they stole his
backpack when they punched him at the
start of the night as they rushed back
to their lodge room adam bumps into
april as she is queuing up for the bus
out of town
they say their goodbyes and april
whispers into his ear maybe the universe
will bring us together again they grab a
ride from someone at the lodge to the
ski patrol and command him to keep the
engine running for when they return the
group enters the ski patrol lodge and
splits up
they frantically search the bedrooms for
the chernobyl drink
while luo is searching kelly walks into
the room from the party and they
continue what they started at the bar
earlier
the ski patrol team arrives which means
it's time for the group to leave
as they round up luo he is busy making
love with kelly jacob shocked that lois
hooking up with his future mom jumps on
him and he disappears because he
interrupted the moment where he was
conceived
lua is actually his real dad so to bring
jacob back he needs to finish with kelly
as they try to leave they run into the
ski patrol they think the group were
spies because of the futuristic tech
they found in the backpack and he holds
on to the chernobyl
luo stands up to his bully and charges
forward to get knocked down
adam gives him a pep speech to boost his
confidence and he goes in again with a
different approach and falls again
he tries one last time with a more
unorthodox approach and spearheads him
nick picks up the chernobyl from the
floor and the group leave in the truck
they arrived in the ski patrol guys talk
it over and decide to tail them to their
lodge as they get out of the truck and
walk up to the lodge the bell boy waves
goodbye and in doing so almost loses his
arm
again
but as he tells them to stay safe after
another truck comes in oh
it finally happened lulu finally gets
what he wanted the ski patrol team
arrive and adam shouts man down pointing
at the bellboy and they run they jump in
the hot tub and spill the chernobyl
drink over the circuit but before they
are about to travel back to the future
luo says he's not going and is going to
stay in the past
adam reluctantly won't let him but lua
pushes him and they travel back
they arrive in the morning but only
three of them
they walk into the room and find a
laptop with a video prepared
luo who stayed behind has lived his
entire life from 1986 to present time
while they just traveled back to the
future now
in the video left for them luo explains
that he exploited his knowledge of the
future to become rich and famous
coincidentally he is still in a
relationship with kelly and didn't leave
her like in the past
they're interrupted by a knock on the
door it's the bell boy he has both arms
he explained the night he lost his arm
the ski patrol were there luckily and
drove him to the hospital to get his arm
reattached the bell boy says he was
instructed to give this paper to them
on the paper you can see lou invented
google and renamed it to lugel also
there is lou's address home address
after driving back adam finds out he is
no longer divorced and single he is now
married to april the journalist he met
in 1986 and they have a family
nick finds out after his hit song that
he stole from the beatles at the concert
he is now a famous music producer and
him and his wife have a happy
relationship she never cheated in this
timeline
and well because luo is with kelly they
have a family and jacob is their son and
adam nick luo and jacob lived happily
ever after